# Feb 6 Meeting

### attendance: 
- Ethan is absent. (informed on Slack)

### Objectives:
- Assign more people to work on documentation.
- Almost done with the pitch.
- Start CI/CD pipeline and set it up on git

### Accomplishment:
- Guo will work on documentation.
- Everyone contributed to the pitch document.
- Defined the language that can be used

### Plan for tomorrow:
- Waiting for Deepak to confirm more details




