#Feb 21

### Attendance:
Bo is absent

### Objectives:
- Discuss retrospectives
- Discuss new features for the pomo

### Accomplishments:
- Deepak will confirm with the professor about retro 
- Deepak thinks Kevin's idea of the new feature is nice
- Better accessibility
- Divide team into 3 groups: 1. one group works on code quality/software engineering; 2. one group works on usibility; 3. one group works on pipeline
- Being flashy but not distracting

### Plans:
- Summarize who is doing what, what are you going to do/goals