# Feb 23

### Kevin:
I'm almost done with the prototype front-end UI and will be pushing to GitHub later today.

### Yolanda:
Organized and sent Deepak Sprint1's retro. Organize and push up todayâ€™s standup.

### Stuart:
I had a meeting with Jiaming and Jiahang, who are working on setting times. I made a pull request and am debugging 2 bugs in Jiaming's code: 1. cannot set time for the first time interval, 2. adjusting arrangement using stuffs like stylesheet. I plan to resolve them, hopefully, tomorrow morning before meeting. 

### Jiahang:
I had a meeting with two of code team. And I push my work about time setting and some css designs to Github. Maybe it will be not quite convenient for me to attend the meeting tomorrow morning. Fortunately, I've shown my ideas to the code team.

### Guo:
Working on translation for inline comments for main.js.
